It's time to bring some clarity. [music]
Quant trading strategies are built on
datadriven models, mathematical and
statistical frameworks applied to
markets. [music]
That doesn't mean if you're a macro
trader basing your decisions on
macroeconomics factors, you're not
following a quantitative [music]
process. Micro traders still relies on
testing, optimization, and validation of
their trading strategies. [music]
No matter of what type of strategy you
use and no matter if your execution is
manual, semi-automated or [music] fully
automated, testing, optimizing and
validating your trading ideas will make
you a dramatically better trader. And
you don't need to be a quant for